## Source Classification into AGN/SF Using CIGALE

CIGALE was run using the version of CIGALE used in HELP, CIGALON (Malek et al 2018 lists the fitting parameters used and the code can be found at https://gitlab.lam.fr/cigale/cigale). Once the best fit SEDs were computed the AGN contribution can be found in the column bayes.agn.fracAGN. I'm not sure at what fraction we would consider a galaxy to be an AGN so that can be up to the user for now. There are also three different reduced chi squares provided, the best.reduced_chi_squre column is the reduced chi squared of the entire best fir SED while the columns opt_reduced_chi2 and ir_reduced_chi2 are the reduced chi squared of the optical and IR parts of the best fit SED seperately. 

The individual SEDs have been put into tar files and seperated according to whether they were fit using a photoz or a specz. There are also tar files of the best fit seds displayed as a png showing the contribution of the different components. The best_fits_params_with_photometry files have all the best fit parameters from CIGALE as well as containing he photometry used for the fitting and the radio properties of the source. columns whose name starts with best. show the value for that parameter which was used to construct the best fit model. If the column heading starts with bayes. Then a more comprehensive analysis of all the possible models is used to find the most likely value. If there are two options (the parameter has a column that starts with best. and bayes.) then use the bayes. 